
Hannah & Nate's Breakfast Menu


Omelets
All Omelets served with Fresh fruit and choice of Hash Browns or Toast

Ham & Cheese $8.5
Grilled pit ham, cheddar cheese and caramelized onions
Grilled Shrimp $11
Grilled shrimp, bell peppers and red onions, with jack cheese, 
and citrus chipolte sauce
Bacon & Green Chile $8
Smoked bacon, green chile, and cheddar cheese
Hannah’s Omelet (Veggie) $9
Roasted red peppers, caramelized onions, diced tomatoes, jack cheese, 
and avocado
Nate’s Omelet (Carne Adovada) $9
Our homemade Carne Adovada and cheddar cheese 
Spinach & Mushroom  $8
Fresh spinach greens, sautéed mushrooms, caramelized onions, 
and jack cheese
Cream Cheese & Avocado $8
Cream cheese & avocado slices wrapped in a fluffy omelet, 
served with a side of our Homemade Salsa

Burritos
Served handheld or smothered in your choice of red or green chile 
and cheddar cheese

Traditional Breakfast Burrito  $8.5
3 scrambled eggs and 3 slices of bacon (or 2 sausage patties), 
wrapped in a flour tortilla and served with a side of hash browns. 
Steak & Egg   $11
Grilled Top Sirloin Steak, scrambled egg, diced potatoes, 
caramelized onions and red peppers wrapped in a 
flour tortilla and served with a side of Hash Browns 
Green Chile Burrito   $8.5
Green Chile, smoked bacon, caramelized onions, red peppers 
with diced potatoes, and scrambled egg 
wrapped in a tortilla and served with a side of Hash Browns 
Carne Adovada Burrito   $9.5
Lean pork marinated in Homemade red chile and scrambled egg 
wrapped in a flour tortilla, served with a side of Hash Browns
Vegetable Burrito  $9
Scrambled eggs, grilled zucchini, red peppers, caramelized onions, avocado, 
and tomato wrapped in a whole wheat tortilla 
and served with a side of hash browns. 

Quesadillas & Breakfast Sandwiches 
Breakfast Quesadilla  $6
2 Scrambled eggs, green chile, and cheddar cheese in a grilled tortilla served with a side of salsa and fresh fruit
Albuquerque Breakfast Quesadilla  $8
2 Scrambled eggs, 2 slices of bacon, avocado, green chile, 
and cheddar cheese in a grilled tortilla 
served with a side of salsa and fresh fruit. 
Fiesta Quesadilla  $8
Scrambled eggs, green chile, cheddar cheese, zucchini, corn, red onion, 
in a grilled tortilla and served with salsa and fresh fruit. 
Breakfast Sandwich  $8.5
Scrambled eggs, smoked bacon, grilled tomato rounds, and cheddar cheese, avocado & green chile served on toasted whole wheat with a side of fresh fruit

Child’s Menu
$2.99
Kid French Toast
Kid Cakes
Kid Burrito
Kid Corral
(Scram. Egg, Bacon, Hash, Toast)
Little Nipper $1.99
(1 scram egg and fruit)







Traditional Favorites 
Salmon Eggs Benedict  $13
2 poached eggs served on top of a split english muffin, grilled tomato rounds, with Alaskan salmon filet topped with hollandaise sauce 
and sprinkled with dill, served with a side of hash browns and fresh fruit. 
Eggs Benedict  $9.5
2 poached eggs served on top of a split english muffin, 
Canadian bacon and topped with hollandaise sauce, 
served with a side of hash browns and fresh fruit. 
Eggs Benedict Florentine  $9.5
2 poached eggs served on top of a split english muffin, 
grilled tomato rounds, and fresh spinach greens, 
topped with hollandaise sauce, 
served with a side of hash browns and fresh fruit. 
Quiche of the Day  $8
Our Homemade quiche served with a side a fresh fruit...
..ask your server for the “flavor of the day”
2 Egg Comfort  $7.5
2 Eggs any style served with Hash Browns, Toast, 
and your choice of Ham, Bacon or Sausage. 
Replace Toast with Pancakes or French Toast for $1.00 extra
French Toast  $6.5
3 slices of French Toast served with a side of fresh fruit

Local Flavor
Breakfast Enchiladas  $8
3 stacked enchiladas, stuffed with cheddar cheese and onions, 
topped with red or green chile, cheese, and eggs. 
Served with hash browns and a tortilla. 
Carne Adovada Breakfast Enchiladas  $10
3 stacked enchiladas, stuffed with carne adovada, cheddar cheese, topped with red or green chile, cheese, and eggs. 
Served with hash browns and a tortilla. 
Sloppy Jose  $9.5
Carnitas, diced potatoes, caramelized onions, and cheddar cheese. 
Topped with 2 eggs and your choice of red chile, green chile, 
or tomatillo sauce and 4 corn tortillas. 
Eggs Benedict de Nuevo Mexico  $9.5
2 poached eggs serve on top of an English muffin, 
smothered with our homemade carne adovada and cheese, 
served with a side of diced potatoes. 
Huevos Rancheros  $8
2 eggs served on top of corn tortillas, cheddar cheese, 
choice of red or green chile, topped with lettuce and diced tomato,
served with a side of beans, hash browns and a tortilla. 
Add carne adovada for $2.25
New Mexico Breakfast Bagel  $8
A Sliced grilled bagel topped with 2 scrambled eggs, 2 slices of bacon, green chile, and melted cheddar
Served with a side of diced potatoes tossed with caramelized onions.
New Mexico Heavenly Hash  $9
Mound of hash browns topped with cheddar cheese, red or green chile, 2 eggs, and your choice of a side of bacon, sausage, ham, or carne adovada


Sides:
3 Slices of Bacon	 	 $1.99
2 Sausage Patties	  	 $2.49
2 Slices of Toast 		 $1.25
(Whole Wheat or Sourdough)               
Grilled Tortilla                              $  .75
Hash Browns or Diced  Potatoes	$1.99
Toasted  Bagel	                  $1.99
English Muffin	                  $1.49
Pancakes Short Stack (2)	$2.99
Pancakes Full Stack (3)                $4.50